docs: separate test_workload_version_is_set in k8s tutorial chapter 3 (#2638)
canonical/operator: docs/tutorial/from-zero-to-hero-write-your-first-kubernetes-charm/create-a-minimal-kubernetes-charm.md

Reviewer: I just remembered one other thing, while we're here. This says "a test" and "this test", but now there are two test functions. We also say "run the test" below, so there are a bunch of places that would need updating if we want to change "test" -> "tests". I think it's worth changing, as later in the tutorial we refer to the integration tests (collectively), so we ought to do the same here.

Author: I agree that it's worth changing. I have updated them in https://github.com/canonical/operator/pull/2638/commits/27dfd0591392535f00635566de56b2381f15f248.

> In this section we'll write a small integration test to check that the charm packs and deploys correctly.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this line. We don't need it because the subsection is right after. Also, it talks about checking that the charm packs, which the integration tests don't do.

### Write integration tests

> Let's write some simplest possible integration tests, [smoke tests](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoke_testing_(software)). These tests will deploy the charm, verify that the installation event is handled without errors and the workload version is set correctly.

Reviewer: I question whether they are the simplest _possible_ 😆

"simple" is also not an ideal word to have in the docs - we think they are simple, but someone with less experience might not. How about adjusting like this:

```suggestion
Let's write some integration tests as [smoke tests](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoke_testing_(software)). These tests will deploy the charm, verify that the installation event is handled without errors and the workload version is set correctly.
```

    juju.wait(jubilant.all_active)

def test_workload_version_is_set(charm: pathlib.Path, juju: jubilant.Juju):
    """Verify that the workload version has been set."""
    version = juju.status().apps[APP_NAME].version
    assert version == "1.0.4"  # Hardcoded for simplicity.
```

These tests depend on two fixtures:

- `charm` - The `.charm` file to deploy. This fixture is defined in `tests/integration/conftest.py`.
- `juju` - A Jubilant object for interacting with a temporary Juju model. This fixture is provided by the `pytest-jubilant` plugin.

> Both tests depend on the `charm` fixture even though only `test_deploy` uses the fixture. This ensures that the tests fail immediately if a `.charm` file isn't available.

Reviewer 2: I guess this is because we don't have `abort_on_fail` yet. I'm not a huge fan of this approach, but perhaps it's ok for a tutorial, where you don't want to have to build something more complex.

It also seems a bit strange if you skip setup, where you presumably have the deployed app already, and don't actually need the charm, although probably it is findable and the cost is low, since it needs to already have been packed.

Is this a pattern we are creating or something we see in real charms? I see we already do this with the database test, is this just documenting something we already decided to do?

Reviewer: It's the approach we previously standardised on in our docs and example charms.
